<pre>
 @@@@@@@  @@@       @@@@@@  @@@  @@@ @@@@@@@  @@@@@@        @@@  @@@@@@
 @@!  @@@ @@!      @@!  @@@ @@!@!@@@   @@!   !@@            @@! !@@    
 @!@@!@!  @!!      @!@!@!@! @!@@!!@!   @!!    !@@!!         !!@  !@@!! 
 !!:      !!:      !!:  !!! !!:  !!!   !!:       !:!    .  .!!      !:!
  :       : ::.: :  :   : : ::    :     :    ::.: :  :: ::.::   ::.: : 
                                                 A Test Runner for Node
 Plants.js
</pre>

h3. News

Twitter: "@alex_young":http://twitter.com/alex_young.

* [2011-02-01] Project creation

h3. About

This is a test runner for Node, modelled on the "CommonJS Test Module":http://wiki.commonjs.org/wiki/Unit_Testing/1.0.

Write tests as a CommonJS module, then export them with method names that start with <code>test</code>.  Run <code>plants test/file.js</code> and Plants.js will run through each test and generate a report.

An error code will be returned if any tests fail.

h3. Documentation

Documentation is available at "alexyoung.github.com/plants.js":http://alexyoung.github.com/plants.js.

h3. License (MIT)

Copyright (C) 2011 by  Alex R. Young

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

